chore: [CHAOS-2295]: Support HTTPS with authentication in prometheus probe (#3045)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/probes/prom-probe.md

  </tr>
</table>

### Authentication

> This establishes a fundamental authentication mechanism for the Prometheus server. The username:password, encoded in base64, should be placed either within the 'credentials' field or as a file path in the 'credentialsFile' field. 
> It's important to note that `credentials` and `credentialsFile` are two options that cannot be used simultaneously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This establishes a fundamental authentication mechanism for the Prometheus server. The username:password, encoded in base64, should be placed either within the `credentials` field or as a file path in the `credentialsFile` field. 
It's important to note that `credentials` and `credentialsFile` are two options that cannot be used simultaneously.
```

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Field</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Description</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Type</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Range</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Notes</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>credentials
   </td>
   <td>Flag to hold the basic auth credentials in base64 format
   </td>
   <td>Optional
   </td>
   <td><code>string</code>
   </td>
   <td>The <code>credentials</code> comprises the Prometheus server's basic authentication credentials in the form of username:password, encoded using base64 format
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td> credentialsFile
   </td>
   <td>Flag to hold the basic auth credentials file path
   </td>
   <td>Optional
   </td>
   <td><code>string</code>
   </td>
   <td>The <code>credentials</code> encompasses the filepath for basic authentication credentials, which are mounted to the experiment pod as volume secrets. These secrets consist of username:password encoded in base64 format for the Prometheus server
  </tr>

### TLS

> It offers the mechanism to validate TLS certifications for the Prometheus server. You can supply the 'cacert,' or the client certificate and client key, to perform the validation. 
> Alternatively, you have the option to enable the 'insecureSkipVerify' check to bypass certificate validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It offers the mechanism to validate TLS certifications for the Prometheus server. You can supply the `cacert` or the client certificate and client key to perform the validation. 
Alternatively, you have the option to enable the `insecureSkipVerify` check to bypass certificate validation.
```
